[MUSIC PLAYING]
[THEME MUSIC]
>>JAY WEIDNER: Hey, everybody.
My name is Jay Weidner.
You're watching
"Cosmic Disclosure."
And we are back with Jason Rice.
Hey, Jason.
How you doing?
>>JASON RICE: I'm
doing great, Jay.
Thank you again for having me.
>>JAY: Since your
last appearances here,
have you had any memories
return of any other things that
happened to you while you were
up in the Secret Space Program?
>>RICE: There have been a number
of memories that have returned.
One of the instances
in which I'd recalled
was a shuttle explosion
on the launch pad.
It was on Callidus 3.
And during their
rebuilding efforts,
part of the problems
that started coming back
was that there were
a certain number
of the humanoid population there
that were not happy with how
things were going.
They were not happy
with the centralization
of all of their
civilization into cities,
giving up their old lifestyles
and the way that they'd lived.
And so a certain rebellion had
started amongst the citizens.
And what they were
able to do was
they were able to
infiltrate the spaceport
and create an explosion
in the power cells
on one of the shuttles.
And the result was a series
of very, very large antimatter
explosions.
The first one that
went off destroyed
the shuttle and
everything around it,
including some of the shuttles
next to it that were on the pad
as well.
The containment systems that
were holding those power cells,
which were the
antimatter containment,
started degrading
and also failed,
which resulted in
more explosions.
And the whole process
lasted about 30 minutes
from the first explosion
to the last one.
At that time, I was showing up
to work because I was working
for the local government.
And we were responsible for
helping the locals consolidate
their control and get
information to the people,
to the citizens, so that the
citizens could be involved
in the governing, so that
they would know where
and what they needed
to do, because we
had a centralized work
program for people
so that they would all be
involved with the rebuilding
process.
And some of that
related to getting
rid of some of the fraud
that was starting to show up,
in which people were, again,
black marketing certain items
or certain technologies.
>>JAY: Were these
shuttles IDARF shuttles?
>>RICE: No, they were shuttles
that belonged to Callidus 3,
and they were
responsible for moving
people and goods from the planet
to the new orbital station.
The rebels, what they
were trying to do
is they were trying to
make their voices heard
and destroy the move
towards a space society.
And they felt that, I
guess, what they could do
is destroy the shuttle port.
And by doing so, they
would end the process.
Well of course, that's
not the way it worked.
>>JAY: How did
the rebellion end?
>>RICE: Well, this particular
day, I'd shown up for work,
and we were on the
outskirts of town.
And myself and my
partner, a staff sergeant
had an office
right next to mine.
We heard the first
explosion and felt it.
And immediately, I got
up out of my chair,
walked into the hallway.
And little known to
me, but the sergeant
in the office next door had
done the exact same thing.
So to an outside
observer, it would
have appeared that we'd been
choreographed because we
both arrived in the hall
and both made a right turn
towards the exit
at the same time.
Went out to the vehicle
that had been assigned
to us, which was an
electrogravitic ground car,
and it was a troop carrier
that we were using for whatever
we needed to travel around.
He climbed into the
back, because the SOP was
if we felt that we
were under attack,
we were to report in and
try and consolidate back
at the headquarters,
which happened
to be at the spaceport.
So he crawled into the
turret that was at the back
and manned that while I drove
the vehicle the 15 or 20
minutes over to the airport.
And there was another explosion
that had occurred on the way.
>>JAY: So you were going
towards the explosions?
>>RICE: We were going
towards the explosions,
because, well, that's
where the base was
and that's our rally point.
And along the way,
we came to a point
where we were close to the
border of the spaceport,
and another shuttle had
set down on the broadway
that we were using as a road.
It was an opening
essentially that
was large enough for vehicles
to move in either direction.
It was grassed over.
And had set down there
because it wasn't safe
for it to be in the air
because of the concussion waves
from the explosions.
>>JAY: Right.
>>RICE: And I had
heard over the radio
that I was to meet up with
the shuttle and pick up a VIP
and bring her with me to the HQ.
So I pulled up next
to the shuttle,
got out, and went
through the entrance
to the shuttle, which was
an airlock, went inside.
By the time I got
to the control room,
there was another explosion.
And we were close
enough that the shuttle,
if it had not been
locked to the ground,
that it obviously would
have moved it around.
But it had its
shields protecting it.
The problem was that
where I had parked,
the vehicle was in a shadow,
blast shadow, most of it,
from the shuttle.
The part that was not
in the blast shadow
happened to be the turret
where the Sergeant was sitting.
And as I watched, I witnessed
the rear end of the APC
get destroyed and watched my
partner die in the process.
>>JAY: What's APC?
>>RICE: Armored
Personnel Carrier.
And of course, I saw
that happen and went
through the full
range of emotions of
should I have done more,
could I have done more,
and being completely enraged
by just watching it and being
helpless, completely helpless,
with what was going on.
>>JAY: So how many people died?
>>RICE: There were a number of
deaths on the spaceport itself,
between 50 and 100.
>>JAY: This have any
effect on the rebellion?
>>RICE: It brought
a greater force
to bear on rooting them out
and destroying the rebellion.
>>JAY: And who did that?
>>RICE: By this time,
the civilian authorities
had established their own police
department and security forces.
And they were the ones that
routed them out and found them
and tried them and
convicted them.
>>JAY: So the
rebellion was ended?
>>RICE: The rebellion
was ended eventually.
It wasn't overnight.
It took a matter of
another year or so
before it was
completely finished.
But there were those among
the population that were not
happy with the direction that
the civilization had turned
and the direction
they were going into.
>>JAY: When you
arrived on Planet 2,
it was a low-tech civilization.
But now you're describing
anti-gravitic cars
and all sorts of weapons.
>>RICE: Yeah, spaceport.
>>JAY: Spaceport.
>>RICE: Space shuttles, yeah.
>>JAY: So what's going on?
>>RICE: At the
start of the war, we
weren't allowed to share
advanced technologies.
At the end of the
war, when we left,
that policy was still in place.
In the intermittent time that
I was redeployed to Planet 3,
was there for 15 months,
was injured, and was then
transferred back to
a medical facility
to go through healing,
repair, and rehab,
after departing that
medical facility,
I returned to Callidus 3.
And when I returned there
to help with the rebuilding
efforts, the policy of
sharing technologies
had completely disappeared.
And they were now interested
in moving the civilization
as quickly as possible towards a
space-faring technological race
as quickly as possible, which
included moving facilities
into space, giving them a
space platform in which they
could operate, sharing with
them advanced technologies.
The APC that we were riding in
was an organic IDARF vehicle.
That vehicle didn't belong
to the civilization.
That was one of ours.
But that's not to say they
did have advanced vehicles
and transportation that
they were using as well.
>>JAY: Why do the
Draco want this planet
to go out into space?
>>RICE: They wanted them to
become as technologically
advanced as possible
as quickly as possible
because the ultimate goal of
merging being with technology
is ultimately where they
were heading towards.
>>JAY: Are they still
heading that way?
>>RICE: Still heading
in that direction.
>>JAY: So we keep coming
back to this same cultural
psychological problem.
We know that when advanced
societies come into a lower
tech society, it has a dramatic
effect on the psychology
and the culture of
the low-tech society.
I mean, the Draco don't care
if it's devastating to them.
But did you witness the effects
of this sudden shift or culture
on these poor people?
>>RICE: I venture to say that
some of the effects that we
were witnessing was expressed
in the form of the rebellion,
those that were fighting
the moving forward
and the technological
advancements, the abandonment
of their old social
system, their abandonment
of their old way of life in
which they didn't have a fiat
currency system.
They didn't have a
centralized government
telling them what and
where they could live,
what they had to do it each day.
Yeah, so I did witness some of
that rebellion, some of the--
>>JAY: Was there
suicide attempts
go up, murder rates go up?
What kind of
expression of tension
was there in the society
while this was going on?
>>RICE: I can tell you upon
my return, they had bars,
they had more alcohol.
They had more fights.
They had a need for police
and security forces.
They had a need for security
systems and security personnel
because there were
increases in murders.
There were increases in violent
activities against each other.
It was a society that
was having to adjust
and reeling from
just getting out
of a global war, in which
a significant portion
of the population had perished.
And now they're being brought
in from all remote corners
of the planet to larger cities
and being told where to live
and this is the house
that you're going to have
and this is what you're
going to be doing.
And it, at first, went from
a shellshocked population
to I'm just glad that
the fighting stopped.
And then once they had
accustomed themselves
to a certain amount
of peaceful existence,
especially compared with
what had been occurring,
it allowed that recoil to
happen and for the people
to go through the
self-evaluation of what's
going on.
This is not the same world
that we used to have.
And a significant
portion of the population
were accepting enough because
they had survived the war
that they were
willing to relinquish
a tremendous amount of
their own personal freedoms
in exchange for that safety.
But there were portions of
the populations that didn't.
They didn't accept that.
>>JAY: This is very close to
a UN project called Agenda 21
that they're trying to
implement before the end
of the 21st century.
To essentially,
the planned states
that they want to take people
out of the country and move
everybody into
large urban centers.
Is this part of this
larger plan, do you think?
>>RICE: Well having seen it in
action in person on Callidus 3,
I would say that
because Earth has
gone through a different
preparation stage
to try and bring
about those end goals,
the Agenda 21 goals
are to also reduce
the population of the planet
by a significant portion
of people.
What happens to those people?
Where do they go?
>>JAY: Well even better,
are they going to use a war?
Is that how they do this?
>>RICE: Right.
It's that inch by inch
movement towards a goal, where
the whole theory behind
putting a frog in boiling water
or putting a frog in
water and then boiling it.
He's going to jump out
of the boiling water.
But if it happens that he's in
there while it's starting off
cold, he's not going to
notice the difference.
And the application of that
concept towards the population
of, OK, we'll make it so bad
that you will accept just
about anything else
that's different,
that was part of the
psychological process
that they'd used on Callidus 3.
>>JAY: Any other memories?
>>RICE: One of the other
memories that I'd had
was of working on the orbital
platform for Callidus 3.
And part of my job
and my responsibility
was to help with the
utility distribution
within the conditioned
spaces on the space station.
And part of the problem was
that they had not accounted--
because of the
speed and necessity
in which they built it, there
was an error in the design.
They had overlooked the need
for additional conditioning--
water, air, the services for
certain parts of the station.
And so part of
the problem was we
had to figure out a
way to now include
this in a structure that
was already finished built.
The station hadn't
been completed yet,
but we had to figure out a
way in which we were going
to add on the air
conditioning, if you will,
for certain parts
of the station.
And the way the
station is built is
that it was a series
of elongated spheres
that were connected at the ends.
And the aspect
ratio was very long,
so it made it look like a
lobbed cylinder in the length.
And then all along the
entire length of the station
were landing pads for
shuttles to mate to.
And so what we ended up
doing was we ended up,
instead of having some of
the equipment inside, which
is where it was
supposed to be, we
ended up dedicating and taking
over some of those landing pads
for locating the
equipment and then
creating the enclosures for
them so that we could distribute
and put the air conditioning,
the air, the gases, all
the different services
that they needed.
>>JAY: You were only
gone, what, a year
and a half when you came back?
>>RICE: About.
>>JAY: How did they develop all
the engineers and technocrats
with no background?
How would you do that?
It would seem to be
almost impossible.
>>RICE: Sure.
Sure.
Well, the space station
experience was at the very end,
so that was even a couple of
years later after coming back.
But you're absolutely right.
They have to develop an
infrastructure for training
the people to begin with.
And then they have people that
learn and through experience.
Well what they did
was they utilized
some of the advanced
technology training systems
that we had learned
from in order
to train the civilian
population to be
able to do any of
the advanced jobs
or work categories that were
required for the space work.
For the construction
on the planet,
it was a little different.
It still required some
of the advanced training
that they needed because
they went from a largely
agricultural society to now
an advanced technologically
advanced society.
>>JAY: So they built antimatter
engines for their shuttles.
Did they use resources found
on that planet to do that?
>>RICE: Yes.
>>JAY: So now we're mining.
>>RICE: Mm-hmm.
>>JAY: So they've created
a whole mining system?
>>RICE: Mm-hmm.
>>JAY: Then they're going
to need a transportation
system to get the stuff to
wherever it needs to go.
>>RICE: Yes.
>>JAY: So we're talking
about a lot of work.
>>RICE: A lot of work.
And a lot of it was automated.
It wasn't necessary to have
a person-operated mining
operation or a mining cart or
a person-operated mining drill.
The technology that
was shared with them
was jumpstarted because
while I was gone,
they provided them with
the basics and necessities
for getting it started, for
giving them a leg up on getting
it going, and the training
programs that had occurred.
There was a number of stages
that they had to go through.
They had to build the
manufacturing facilities,
and some of those came in
as ready-built facilities.
So the IDARF provided them
with a ready-made manufacturing
facility that was just put
together by IDARF forces,
and then the local people were
trained on how to operate it.
And so from there, then
they could create and expand
on their own
manufacturing abilities.
>>JAY: So did they switch
to centralized food
production at the same time?
>>RICE: They did.
>>JAY: So now mass farms
were all over the place?
>>RICE: There were mass farms.
They also utilized replication
technologies for their foods.
They had a phase-out of
farming because that land would
eventually be changed
over for other uses.
So they didn't have to
devote a whole large area
to agricultural purposes.
>>JAY: But they would
still need to mine
the stuff that would
go into the replicator
to replicate the food?
>>RICE: Correct.
>>JAY: So it's
still a lot of work.
>>RICE: Sure.
Sure.
Still a lot of work.
And you got to
keep in mind, too,
that the entire planetary
population that was left,
which was around 2 billion,
was all dedicated and devoted
to this.
There were no other professions.
Every person, abled body,
was dedicated and devoted
towards the rebuilding efforts
and towards the modernization
efforts.
And so it wasn't a matter of
having 10% of the population
doing it.
It was everybody.
Everybody was involved, which
is another reason why there were
a lot of people unhappy
with being forced into doing
a manufacturing job when
their entire life has
been spent on a farm.
>>JAY: And you're
saying that these top 13
families were giving out
the orders to the 2 billion?
>>RICE: That's correct.
>>JAY: And they were getting
their orders from the Draco?
>>RICE: That's correct.
They're already
on the war footing
by the time of the end
of the war comes around
and the need for moving
into the next phase, which
is the rebuilding efforts.
And so you've got
an entire population
that has already
been participating,
experiencing advanced
technology, the--
>>JAY: Higher organization.
>>RICE: Higher
organizational structures.
They had already seen
the fact that there
was an invading army from outer
space not from that planet.
Had in so many levels
and ways helped
them to change their
mind and mindsets
from a largely agrarian
society to a society that
is technology dependent
or technology assisted.
And so to make the
transition, most
of the psychological
aspects had already
been addressed from the
war because they'd already
seen advanced technologies
destroy their planet.
They had already encountered it
helping to defend their planet.
They had already seen examples
of it for the prior years
before the transition
to rebuilding.
>>JAY: And we know
from psychology
that fear is an
incredible motivator.
>>RICE: It's an
unbelievable motivator.
>>JAY: Yep.
So they created an aura of fear
with these beasts coming in.
Then you guys came in
and defeated the beasts
and slowly converted the
population through the process
into a new psychology.
>>RICE: Mm-hmm.
And there was also the
underlying fear that,
what if there's another
invading force out there?
We don't want this
to happen again.
So how do we best
protect ourselves?
Well, we embrace
technology and move
as fast forward as we can
so that we'll no longer have
to be faced with the
same kind of war that
destroyed our planet before.
Now these are some
of the changes
that they would have
employed over and over again
because of its
success, and it worked.
The psychology involved
with using fear
to motivate an entire population
to embrace new technologies
and moving forward
technologically,
it would have worked.
So they would have been
using this over and over
again on one planet
after another
because it was successful.
And fear is an
incredible motivator
to get people to move forward,
to embrace technology,
to do things differently, and to
accept things that they may not
have accepted before.
Because now in their
own eyes, they're
seeing themselves as
being better protected,
better guarded against for
a future invading army.
They now have the
technological abilities
to defend themselves
because they have advances.
>>JAY: The Draco secretly
control this planet,
and they're letting the planet
defend itself against invaders.
So isn't now the planet
ready to defend itself
against the Draco?
>>RICE: There is a certain
irony in there, isn't there?
>>JAY: Yeah.
>>RICE: The Draco's
plan, keep in mind,
is the bonding and
melding of being
with technology, what Earth
refers to as transhumanism.
And once they are
able to replace
a large portion of the
biological processes
with technology, that
is their ultimate goal
because then they
can individually
control in the fullest extent
every single being that's
on the planet.
So it doesn't
matter if they think
they have the ability to
defend themselves and stand up
to the Draco.
If they remain on that path
of becoming mostly machine
and partly live
being, then they are
handing over their free
will and relinquishing it
to being controlled.
And it doesn't
matter whether or not
they've got all the tanks or ion
cannons or defensive structures
because each and every person
within have that control
mechanism in place where they
don't have the free will.
>>JAY: So if you have 13
families running a society,
you're going to get a stratified
society, a class system,
all right?
They didn't really have a
class system before the war.
>>RICE: Correct.
>>JAY: But now they're
going to have one.
>>RICE: Mm-hmm.
>>JAY: How do the
population react to the idea
that they are now entering
into a class system
and some people are going to
be more elite than others,
have more riches, have
more freedoms than others?
There must have been
some resentment.
>>RICE: The resentment was
expressed through the very
short-lived rebellion.
The rest of the
population were either
too shellshocked to
realize it, or they
had consented because they
were no longer in fear of being
killed by an invading army.
And so by relinquishing those
rights in exchange for safety,
they had accepted that.
>>JAY: They had
accepted that they're
going to be ruled
by these 13 families
that they didn't even
know about before.
>>RICE: Correct.
>>JAY: Well that's
quite a trick.
>>RICE: Keep them busy, keep
them distracted, and keep them
occupied elsewhere.
And then before you
know it, there's
an entire system in place
that's controlling them
that had been
around for decades.
>>JAY: Do they have
media on this planet?
>>RICE: No, they did not.
>>JAY: No media.
No newspapers, no radios,
no television, no magazines,
no books?
>>RICE: Nope.
Just educational material
that was needed for training.
Because again, you got to think
during this transition period,
people were working for extended
periods of time contributing.
And there was an amazing amount
of co-creative contribution
to rebuilding the
planet, and everybody
was interested in helping.
And so hiding it behind
let's rebuild our planet,
people weren't focused on
what are the politics going on
behind the scenes that we're
relinquishing our control,
and there is now
a divided society
which we have two classes.
People weren't
thinking about that.
They were occupied with
the rebuilding efforts.
>>JAY: Usually after a really
big war where a lot of people
are lost, there
is a big huge boom
of children following that,
as it was after World War II.
Was there a population
boom after this?
>>RICE: That's a
great question, Jay.
And this was no
exception to that.
And in fact, it was encouraged
because the population had been
so decimated that
there were within each
of the small communities--
because they didn't have
mainstream media
or media outlets,
the way that they were able
to disseminate information
were like neighborhood
groups in which
there were families
that were neighbors,
and that neighborhood
group had information
and they disseminated
amongst their neighbors.
>>JAY: This was after the war?
>>RICE: After the war.
>>JAY: So you didn't even
have media after the war?
>>RICE: Nope.
>>JAY: Well how are you
getting mass orders and people
telling people what to do?
>>RICE: That's where the
neighborhood groups come in.
>>JAY: That would take forever.
>>RICE: Well you've
got to figure,
they also had the benefits
of communication technology.
So they were able to
communicate in real time,
and so they were able
to transfer information
in the form of, OK,
here's the production
that we're going to have, and
it was written out and something
that they were able
to take with them
and share with their
neighborhood groups.
>>JAY: You would
need blueprints.
You would need all sorts of--
>>RICE: All digitized.
>>JAY: So they had digital--
did they have pads, anything?
>>RICE: They had small
handheld computer systems
that they were able to share,
and every single family
had one.
>>JAY: Well that's
kind of a media.
>>RICE: Yep, true.
True.
But I guess I was thinking
along the lines of--
>>JAY: Television.
>>RICE: --Television or
newspaper or a magazine print
media.
>>JAY: Did they have internet?
>>RICE: They did have
a form of internet,
and it was specifically
and very strictly
regulated just for the
rebuilding purposes.
So if you needed information
on a particular element
because you were going to be
mixing two metals together
and you needed to know
the right combinations,
that information was there.
>>JAY: And how much help did
you, IDARF, give these people
at the end of the war?
>>RICE: I wasn't there for
the initial stages when
they had set all this up.
I found out about how they
set it up after the fact
and had seen some
of the legacy issues
that were still being used.
So I found out about
that after the fact.
I wasn't there.
>>JAY: Did corporations
here on Earth
exploit poor countries and poor
people for their resources?
Did that happen on this planet?
Did American corporations
or Earth-based corporations
move into this planet
and start operating?
>>RICE: Yes, they did.
>>JAY: They did?
>>RICE: They did.
And there were a number
of the mining operations
that were operated by Earth
corporations, four Earth
corporations.
And the way they
got away with that
was that they were
able to donate
a certain portion of the mining
materials and the raw materials
that they produced towards
the planetary regrowth,
towards the regrouping.
>>JAY: Did these
corporations sell the things
that they produced to
the people of the planet?
>>RICE: No.
They sold them elsewhere.
They donated a portion of
their mining or their resource
production or whatever it
was that they were doing--
because it wasn't just
for mining of minerals--
they donated a certain
portion of that as a payment.
And I imagine that a
large percentage of that
went to the 13 families.
And then the rest of it was
taken off planet for sale
elsewhere.
>>JAY: Would it be fair
to say that the whole idea
of corporate culture could be
a result of Draco interference?
>>RICE: Well based on the
information that I had
and the complete infiltration
by the Mars Germans into every
major corporation on the planet
from one end of the spectrum
to the other-- aerospace to
agriculture to petrochem to gas
to oil--
they were already infiltrated
by the Mars Germans.
Now the Mars Germans,
as we've discussed,
are, in a certain respect,
proxies of the Draco.
And so the Draco controlling
those proxies so that they
can further their efforts.
Who's to say that those
mining and the resources that
were taken weren't
used by the Draco
to help create some of
the other hybrids that
were used elsewhere?
Who's to say that
they weren't using
those materials for
producing or building
new ships or new facilities?
>>JAY: Or spiders.
>>RICE: Or spiders, exactly.
>>JAY: And we really wouldn't
know, because the corporation
is an entity unto itself,
what they're really doing.
>>RICE: That's right.
Especially if they're
off the planet
and out of the way of any
laws, rules, and regulations.
>>JAY: And since the 13 families
are running the place, that's
going to be a norm.
>>RICE: That's going
to be their norm.
>>JAY: Yep.
Well, Jason, thanks
for coming on the show.
Really appreciate it.
>>RICE: Thank you
for having me, Jay.
It's all about full disclosure.
>>JAY: And this is
"Cosmic Disclosure."
I'm Jay Weidner, and
thank you for watching.
[THEME MUSIC]